where's your girlfriend I don't have one
are you gay no give this to somebody
nice mr. sunshine that new girls kind of
cute
something's going on what's in my work
maybe he wants to be left alone that's
not what he wants hey I have a visitor
where did you meet this person I met her
on the Internet yeah well everybody's
doing that now you know Bianca's um a
missionary my little brother
he's crazy right he's crazy Shh if I may
he appears to have a delusion what the
hell is he doing with a delusion
fantastic
when will it be over when he doesn't
need it anymore we gotta fix him can you
fix him Bianca's in town for a reason
this isn't necessarily a bad thing how
can we help go along with it
this must be Bianca well welcome it can
be a communication it can be a way to
work something out
chances are he's been decompensating for
some time we don't want anything to do
with her what's the big deal she's a
missionary that's good isn't it hey what
are you doing on Friday I was just
thinking that maybe we could all go out
the chef's sister we got a woman who
couldn't talk didn't care Lloris we do
care
mundo that is just not true every person
in this town bends over backwards to
make Bianca feel at home we do it for
you
how'd you know how'd I know what that
you were a man you grow up when you
decide to do right and that what's right
for you what's right for everybody even
when it hurts
you're not gonna go to work today cuz I
don't feel good
well Bianca could help you you know she
has nurses training
you